<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1812">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Managing project quotas</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforAdmins/Projects/carrier-grade.dashboard.projects.quotas.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/commercial/carrier/dashboard/managing/projects/quotas/--></p>
<!--
<p style="font-size: small;"> <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install/">&#9664; PREV</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install-overview/">&#9650; UP</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/">NEXT &#9654;</a></p> 
-->
<p>Quotas are operational limits enforced on each project.</p>
<p>To prevent system capacities from being exhausted without notification, you can set up quotas.</p>
<p>For example, the number of gigabytes allowed per project can be controlled to make sure that a single project does not consume all of the disk space.</p>
<section>
<title>
<!-- id="quotamod" -->
<!-- id="quotamod" -->
<!-- id="quotamod" -->Modify a quotas</title>
<ol>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="../../../../../../commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/carrier-grade.dashboard.launch.dita" >Launch the HP Helion OpenStack Helion Dashboard</xref>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Projects</b> link on the <b>Admin</b> dashboard <b>Identity</b> panel.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For the project you want to modify, click <b>More &gt; Modify Quotas</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Edit Project</b> screen, click the <b>Quota</b> tab (should be active).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Edit and of the following fields:</p>

<ul>
<li>Metadata Items - Enter the maximum number of metadata items allowed for the project.</li>
<li>VCPUs - Enter the maximum number of instance cores allowed for the project.</li>
<li>Instances - Enter the maximum number of instances allowed for the project.</li>
<li>Injected Files - Enter the maximum number of injected files allowed for the project.</li>
<li>Injected File Content Bytes - Enter the maximum number of content bytes allowed per injected file  for the project.</li>
<li>Volumes - Enter the maximum number of volumes allowed for the project.</li>
<li>Volume Snapshots - Enter the maximum number of volume snapshots allowed for the project.</li>
<li>Total Size of Volumes and Snapshots- Enter the maximum total size for all volumes and snapshots allowed for the project.</li>
<li>RAM - Enter the maximum megabytes of instance RAM allowed  for the project.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Save</b>.</p>

<p>A message is displayed on successful modification.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>
  <xref href="#topic1812/top"> Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
