<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1425">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Creating a Image Using a Volume</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Creating an Image from a Volume</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforUsers/Volumes/carrier-grade.dashboard.volume.create.image.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/commercial/carrier/dashboard/managing/volume/image/create/--></p>
<!--
<p style="font-size: small;"> <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install/">&#9664; PREV</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install-overview/">&#9650; UP</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/">NEXT &#9654;</a></p> 
-->
<p>You can use a volume to create a new virtual machine image.</p>
<p>A <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforUsers/Images/carrier-grade.managing.images.dita" >virtual machine image</xref> is a single file that contains a virtual disk with a bootable operating system installed on it. You can use images to create virtual machine instances within the cloud.</p>
<p>To create a image:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/carrier-grade.dashboard.launch.dita" >Launch the HP Helion OpenStack Helion Dashboard</xref>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Project</b> dashboard, then the <b>System</b> panel, then the <b>Volumes</b> link.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Volumes</b> screen, for the volume you want for the image, click the arrow icon in the <b>Actions</b> menu and select <b>Upload to Image</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Upload Volume to Image</b> dialog box, enter a name for the image and select a disk format.</p>

<ul>
<li>
<b>raw</b> - An unstructured disk image format; if you have a file without an extension it is possibly a raw format.</li>
<li>
<b>qcow2</b> - Supported by the QEMU emulator that can expand dynamically and supports Copy on Write.</li>
<li>
<b>vdi</b> - Supported by VirtualBox virtual machine monitor and the QEMU emulator.</li>
<li>
<b>vmdk</b> - Common disk format supported by many common virtual machine monitors.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Upload</b>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>The image is created and is listed on the  <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforUsers/Images/carrier-grade.managing.images.dita" >Images tab</xref>.</p>
<p>
  <xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#top" > Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</body>
</topic>
