<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic3271">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Installing HP StoreVirtual VSA</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
<othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Michael B, Paul F"/>
<othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/Admin_Guide/VSA/carrier.install-GA-vsa.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/openstack/carrier/install/vsa/--></p>
<p>
<xref href="../../../../../commercial/GA1/1.1commercial.-vsa-overview.dita" >◀ Installing HP StoreVirtual VSA Overview </xref> | <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/Admin_Guide/VSA/carrier.install-deploy.dita" >Deploying HP StoreVirtual VSA Storage Sytems ▶</xref>
</p>
<!-- From Installing HPStoreVirtual.docx at https://wiki.hpcloud.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=49097241 -->
<p>This page provides detailed instructions on deployment of HP StoreVirtual VSA Storage Nodes, and their configuration as Cinder backend.</p>
<p>Use the following steps to install HP StoreVirtual VSA in your HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade cloud.</p>
<section>
<title id="prerequisites">
<!-- id="prerequisites" -->Prerequisites</title>
<ul>
<li>
<p>KVM must be installed:</p>

<p>sudo apt-get install qemu-kvm libvirt-bin bridge-utils virt-manager
sudo apt-get install ubuntu-vm-builder
sudo apt-get update</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Optionally install Virtual Manager</p>

<p>sudo apt-get install virt-manager</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Verify that KVM was installed correctly</p>

<p>virsh -c qemu:///system list
virsh net-list --all</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>To install KVM VSA:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Create a Bridge Network</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>sudo apt-get install qemu
sudo apt-get install libcap2-bin
sudo setcap cap_net_admin=ei /usr/bin/qemu-system-x86_64
sudo vi /etc/security/capability.conf
"cap_net_admin   &lt;username&gt;"

sudo vi /etc/network/interfaces

iface eth0 inet manual
iface eth0 inet dhcp

auto br0
iface br0 inet dhcp
    bridge_ports eth0
    bridge_stp off
    bridge_fd 0
    bridge_maxwait 0

sudo invoke-rc.d networking restart
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Download the installer binary (installer) and the KVM OS disk image <codeph>KVM-VSA-&lt;version&gt;.img.gz</codeph>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create a JSON Input file by running the following commands:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>./installer -create-default-json" , or 
./installer -create-default-json" -disks &lt;n&gt; -tiering
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>This input file tells the installer how to configure the VM.</p>

<p>
<b>Example</b>
</p>

<p>The following is an example of the default-input.json:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>{
    "HostName": "newHost", 
    "OSImageStoragePool": "default",
    "Personality": "VSA",
    "SANiQ_Preferred": 0,
    "Networks": [
        {   
            "DHCP": 1,
            "IPAddress": "", 
            "Subnet": "", 
            "Gateway": "",
            "NetworkInterface": "default"
        }   
    ],  
    "Disks": [
        {   
            "Location": "default",
            "Size": "500G"
            "Tier": "Tier 0"
        },  
        {   
            "Location": "/dev/sdc",
            "Size": ""
            "Tier": "Tier 1"
        }   
    ]   
}
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Notes:</b>
</p>

<ul>
<li>
<p>To assign static IP for the VM, DHCP needs to be 0 and IP address, Subnet mask and Default gateway fields must be filled in. Similarly, to have a dynamic IP DHCP needs to be 1 and the other fields need to be empty.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<codeph>NetworkInterface</codeph> must match the fields available in <codeph>virsh net-list --all</codeph>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<codeph>SANiQ_Preferred</codeph> is the preferred NIC interface for SAN/iQ. Select 0 or 1.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Disk Location can be a storage pool, as found in in <codeph>virsh pool-list</codeph>; Or can be a raw device.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<codeph>OSImageStoragePool</codeph> is where the OS image will be located. This needs to be a valid storage pool.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use the following command to install a VSA/FOM on the KVM hypervisor:</p>

<p>./installer [--no-prompt] [--debug] <required-cleanup remap="json">
<ph> &lt;KVM-VSA-<required-cleanup remap="version">
<ph>.img.gz</ph>
</required-cleanup>
</ph>
</required-cleanup>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use the following command to verify that the VM is running</p>

<p>virsh -c qemu:///system list</p>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title id="next-steps">
<!-- id="next-steps" -->Next Step</title>
<p>
  <xref href="../../../../../commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/Admin_Guide/VSA/carrier.install-deploy.dita" >Deploying HP StoreVirtual VSA Storage Sytems</xref>
</p>
<p>
  <xref href="../../../../../publiccloud/index.dita#top" > Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
