<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1886">
<title>Adding HP StoreVirtual VSA System to an Existing Management Group</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Adding HP StoreVirtual VSA System to an Existing Management Group</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
<othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Michael B, Paul F"/>
<othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/Admin_Guide/VSA/carrier.install-add-mgmt-group.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/openstack/carrier/install/vsa/add-mgmt/--></p>
<p> <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/Admin_Guide/VSA/carrier.install-vsa-cluster.dita" >◀ Creating a StoreVirtual Cluster and Adding it to a New Management Group </xref>| <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/Admin_Guide/VSA/carrier.undercloud-storage-storevirtual.dita" >Working with HP StoreVirtual VSA ▶</xref>
</p>
<p>To add a StoreVirtual system to any existing Management Group, do the following:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Open CMC.</p>

<p>By default, the CMC is configured to discover the HP StoreVirtual VSA systems in the subnet on which it is installed. You can manually add the nodes also.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the CMC page, click <b>Find Systems</b> from the left panel.<!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.--> Find Systems dialogue box is displayed with an Enter IP pop-up box.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You can choose <b>Add</b> or <b>Find</b> option to search the system. <!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.-->Find option  starts searching for the nodes in the subnet. Add option displays an <b>Enter IP</b> pop-up box to enter the IP of the StoreVirtual node.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>OK</b> to proceed or click <b>Cancel</b> to cancel the process.<!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.-->The node is discovered and the details are displayed in a tabular format in the Find Systems dialogue box.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(Optional) Click <b>Add</b> in the Find Systems dialogue box to add more nodes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(Optional) Click <b>Edit</b> in the Find Systems dialogue box to modify the details of the selected node.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>(Optional) Click <b>Remove</b> in the Find Systems box to delete a node.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Close</b> to return to the Home page.<!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.--> The discovered nodes are displayed under <b>Available Systems</b> option in the left panel.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Right-click the node to display a menu and select <b>Add to an Existing Management Group</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Enter the name of the management group.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Add</b> to add the node to the group that you specified.<!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.--> The node is added to the management group.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>
  <xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#top" > Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<section>
<title id="next-step">
<!-- id="next-step" -->Next Step</title>
<p>
  <xref href="./commercial/GA1/1.1commercial.undercloud-storage-storevirtual.dita" >Working with HP StoreVirtual VSA</xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
