<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic3222">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Managing Compute Flavors</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforAdmins/Domains/carrier-grade.dashboard.domains.flavors.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/commercial/carrier/dashboard/managing/flavors/--></p>
<!--
<p style="font-size: small;"> <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install/">&#9664; PREV</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install-overview/">&#9650; UP</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/">NEXT &#9654;</a></p> 
-->
<p>Compute flavors are machine configurations that describe the amount of memory, number of CPUs, and storage capacity of instances. The moment you register a chassis, a flavor is created by default. You can use the default flavor or create a flavor of your choice.</p>
<p>An admin user can create, edit, and delete instances as needed.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#createflavor" >Create a flavor</xref>
</li>
<li>
<xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#editflavor" >Edit a flavor</xref>
</li>
<li>
<xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#editmeta" >Edit flavor metadata</xref>
</li>
<li>
<xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#deleteflavor" >Delete a flavor</xref>
</li>
</ul>
<section>
<title id="createflavor">
<!-- id="createflavor" -->Create a flavor</title>
<p>To create a flavor:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/carrier-grade.dashboard.launch.dita" >Launch the HP Helion OpenStack Helion Dashboard</xref>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Admin</b> dashboard, then the <b>System</b> panel, then the <b>Flavors</b> link.</p>

<p>The flavors in the domain are listed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Create Flavor</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Create Flavor</b> screen, click the <b>Flavor Info</b> tab (should be active).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Enter the name that you want to assign to the flavor.</p>

<ul>
<li>In the <b>ID</b> field, enter a unique string that identifies this flavor.</li>
<li>In the <b>VCPUs</b> field, enter the required number of virtual CPUs to be included in the flavor.</li>
<li>In the <b>RAM MB</b> field, enter the virtual machine memory in megabytes to be included in the flavor.</li>
<li>In the <b>Root Disk GB</b> field, enter the size for the virtual root disk size in gigabytes.</li>
<li>From the <b>Ephemeral disk GB</b> field, enter the size of a secondary ephemeral data disk in gigabytes. This is an empty, unformatted disk and exists only for the life of the instance.</li>
<li>From the <b>Swap Disk MB</b> field, enter the amount of swap space allocation for the flavor.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Flavor Access</b> tab.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Add the flavor to a project by clicking the <b>+</b> icon next to each project in the <b>All Projects</b> column.</p>

<p>By default, no project is specified as having access the flavor. If none is specified, all projects can access the flavor.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click <b>Create Flavor</b> to create a new the flavor.<!--A BR tag was used here in the original source.-->
A message is displayed on successful creation.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title id="editflavor">
<!-- id="editflavor" -->Edit a flavor</title>
<p>To edit a flavor:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/carrier-grade.dashboard.launch.dita" >Launch the HP Helion OpenStack Helion Dashboard</xref>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Admin</b> dashboard, then the <b>System</b> panel, then the <b>Flavors</b> link.</p>

<p>The flavors in the domain are listed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For the flavor you want to modify, click <b>Edit Flavor</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Edit Flavor</b> screen, click the <b>Flavor Info</b> tab (should be active).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use the <b>Flavor Info</b> and <b>Flavor Access</b> tabs to modify the flavor as needed. See <xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#createflavor" >Create a flavor</xref> for a description of each field.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>When done editing, click <b>Save</b>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>A message is displayed on successful edit.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title id="editmeta">
<!-- id="editmeta" -->Managing Metadata</title>
<p>Compute uses a metadata service for virtual machine instances to retrieve instance-specific data.</p>
<p>You can add and remove metadata for flavors, see <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforAdmins/carrier-grade.dashboard.metadata.dita" >Managing Metadata</xref>.</p>
</section>
<section>
<title id="deleteflavor">
<!-- id="deleteflavor" -->Delete a flavor</title>
<p>Instances that use the flavor are not affected when a flavor is deleted.</p>
<p>To delete a flavor:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/carrier-grade.dashboard.launch.dita" >Launch the HP Helion OpenStack Helion Dashboard</xref>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Admin</b> dashboard, then the <b>System</b> panel, then the <b>Flavors</b> link.</p>

<p>The flavors in the domain are listed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>For the flavor you want to modify, click the arrow icon in the <b>Actions</b> menu and select <b>Delete Flavor</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the confirmation screen, click <b>Delete Flavor</b>.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>A message is displayed on successful delete.</p>
<p>
  <xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#top" > Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
