<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic3419">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Configuring the installation environment</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
<othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack 1.1"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
<othermeta name="role" content="Michael B,"/>
<othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack 1.1"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/carrier-grade-install-bm-environment.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/openstack/carrier/install/bm/environment/--></p>
<!--
<p style="font-size: small;"><a href="../../../commercial/GA1/1.1commercial.technical-overview.ga.dita/">&#9664; Technical Overview</a> | <a href="./commercial/GA1/1.1commercial.install-GA-overview.dita">&#9650; Installation Overview</a> | <a href="/helion/openstack/1.1/install/kvm">Installing on a KVM hypervisor &#9654;</a> OR <a href="/helion/openstack/1.1/install/esx"> Installing on an ESX hypervisor&#9654;</a> </p> 
-->
<p>With the networking configured and the required blank VMs up and running, there are a few tasks required to prepare the environment for installation, including extracting installation files and configuring Cobbler.</p>
<p>
<xref href="http://www.cobblerd.org/" scope="external" format="html" >Cobbler</xref> is a Linux provisioning server that automates network installs for PXE and virtualized installs.</p>
<p>To configure the installation environment:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Copy the <codeph>cg-hos.tar.gz.gpg</codeph> file and HLM node image file (<codeph>cg-hlm.qcow2</codeph>) to the /root directory on the KVM host.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Decrypt and extract the file using the following command:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>gpg -d cg-hos.tar.gz.gpg | tar -xzvf -
(password to decrypt: cghelion)
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>This will extract following folders:</p>

<ul>
<li>packages (includes all debs + pips)</li>
<li>hlm-files (includes hlinux distro to be pxe booted)</li>
<li>kenobi-configuration-processor (includes Kenobi source code)</li>
<li>kenobi-node-configuration (includes Kenobi source code)</li>
<li>cg-hlm (includes source code to populate environment on HLM and deploy cloud)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Change directory to <codeph>cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeph>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Populate HLM node with required contents using the following command:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>./hlm_updatepackages.sh
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>This command syncs the debian and pip files in the <codeph>packages</codeph> directory onto static repo on HLM node.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Execute the following command and supply the PXE network details when prompted:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>./hlm_initcobbler.sh
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>You will be prompted with following questions:</p>

<p>
<i>What is the IP address for this boot server virtual machine?</i> This is the IP address of the eth1 PXE interface of the HLM node</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>Example: 192.168.122.203
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<i>What is the netmask for this boot server virtual machine?</i>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>Example: 255.255.255.0
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<i>What is the IP address of the default gateway for network?</i>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>Example: 192.168.122.1
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<i>What is the starting IP address for your dhcp range?</i>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>Example: 192.168.122.100
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<i>What is the ending IP address for your dhcp range?</i>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>Example: 192.168.122.200
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>This command restarts networking. If you SSH session gets disconnected, you will need to restart the session to the HLM console.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use the following command to import the hlinux distribution into Cobbler.</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph> /hlm_importiso.sh:
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Execute the following command to ensure that the <codeph>eth1</codeph>interface is set up with PXE network details entered above:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>ifconfig
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>At this point Cobbler is up and running.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Edit <codeph>/etc/network/interfaces</codeph> file to provide CLM network details on the eth2 interface</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>auto lo
iface lo inet loopback

auto eth0
iface eth0 inet dhcp

auto eth1
iface eth1 inet static
address &lt;IP_Address&gt;
netmask &lt;Netmask_Address&gt;
network &lt;IP_Address&gt;
broadcast &lt;IP_Address&gt;
gateway &lt;IP_Address&gt;

auto eth2
iface eth2 inet static
address &lt;IP_Address&gt;
netmask &lt;Netmask_Address&gt;
network &lt;IP_Address&gt;
broadcast &lt;IP_Address&gt;
gateway &lt;IP_Address&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>auto lo
iface lo inet loopback

auto eth0
iface eth0 inet dhcp

auto eth1
iface eth1 inet static
address 10.200.73.12
netmask 255.255.255.0
network 10.200.73.0
broadcast 10.200.73.255
gateway 10.200.73.1

auto eth2
iface eth2 inet static
address 10.200.74.12
netmask 255.255.255.0
network 10.200.74.0
broadcast 10.200.74.255
gateway 10.200.74.1
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
</ol>
<section>
<title id="nextstep">Next step</title>
<p>
  <xref href="../../../commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/carrier-grade-install-bm-hlm-cloud.dita" >Deploying the HLM Cloud</xref>
</p>
<p>
  <xref href="#topic3419/top"> Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
