<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1522">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Migrate an Instance</title>
<titlealts>
<searchtitle>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Resizing Instances</searchtitle>
</titlealts>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/TasksforAdmins/Instances/carrier-grade.dashboard.instances.migrate.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/commercial/carrier/dashboard/managing/instances/migrate/--></p>
<!--
<p style="font-size: small;"> <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install/">&#9664; PREV</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/install-overview/">&#9650; UP</a> | <a href="/helion/commercial/carrier/ga1/">NEXT &#9654;</a></p> 
-->
<p>Users can migrate or live migrate an instance as needed.</p>
<p>Migration enables an administrator to move a virtual-machine instance from one compute host to another. This feature is useful when a compute host requires maintenance. Migration can also be useful to redistribute the load when many VM instances are running on a specific physical machine.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Migration. The instance is shut down for a period of time to be moved to another hypervisor. In this case, the instance recognizes that it was rebooted.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Live migration. Almost no instance downtime. Useful when the instances must be kept running during the migration.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<section>
<title>
<!-- id="migrate-an-instance" -->
<!-- id="migrate-an-instance" -->Migrate an instance</title>
<p>To migrate an instance:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="../../../../../../commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/UseCases/carrier-grade.dashboard.launch.dita" >Launch the HP Helion OpenStack Helion Dashboard</xref>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Click the <b>Admin</b> dashboard, then the <b>System</b> panel, then the <b>Instances</b> link.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Instances</b> screen, for the instance you want to migrate, click the arrow icon in the <b>Actions</b> menu and select <b>Migrate Instance</b>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In the <b>Confirm Migrate Instance</b> screen, select <b>Migrate Instance</b>.</p>

<p>Refer to teh Flavor Details list for information on the selected falvor.</p>

<p>The <b>Total RAM</b> meter under Project Limits will show how the resized instance affects the RAM allocated for the project.</p>
</li>
</ol>
<p>
  <xref href="../../../../../../publiccloud/index.dita#top" > Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
