<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic5520">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Carrier Grade (Alpha): Create the HP VSC Node</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/InstallVirtual/carrier-grade-install-vsc-node.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/openstack/carrier/install/vsc-node/--></p>
<p>The <xref href="http://www8.hp.com/us/en/products/networking-switches/product-detail.html?oid=7268885" scope="external" format="html" >HP Virtualized Services Controller</xref> (HP VSC) is a component of HP Distributed Cloud Networking. HP VSC functions as the robust network control plane for DCs, maintaining a full view of pertenant network and service topologies.</p>
<p>HP VSC must run on a dedicated hardware server as the only 
virtual machine process, called the HP VSC Node.</p>
<p>Use the following steps to install the HP VSC node in the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade cloud.</p>
<p>
<b>Note:</b> You can download the complete <xref href="http://h20565.www2.hp.com/portal/site/hpsc/public/psi/home/?sp4ts.oid=7268885&amp;ac.admitted=1429029354732.876444892.492883150#manuals" scope="external" format="html" >HP Distributed Cloud Networking manuals</xref>, in needed.</p>
<section>
<title>
<!-- id="create-the-vsc-node-vm" -->
<!-- id="create-the-vsc-node-vm" -->Create the VSC node VM</title>
<p>To create the VM that hosts the VSC node:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Copy the <codeph>vsc_singledisk.qcow2</codeph> to the <codeph>/var/lib/libvirt/images</codeph> folder on your kvm host.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use the following commands to create a virtual machine (the HP VSC node) from the VSC XML definition file then start the domain:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>virsh define vsc.xml
virsh autostart vsc
virsh start vsc
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title id="configure-the-vsc-node">
<!-- id="configure-the-vsc-node" -->Configure the VSC node</title>
<p>Once your VM is up and running, use the following steps to configure the VSC node:</p>
<ol>
<li>
<p>Connect to the HP VSC console using libvirt:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>virsh console vsc
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>HP VSC should boot to a login prompt on the console</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Log in to the console using the default credentials:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>login: admin
password: admin
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use the following steps to edit the Boot Options File (BOF) configuration.</p>

<p>The HP VSC uses a Boot Options File (BOF) named bof.cfg that is read on system boot and is used for some basic, low-level system configuration needed to successfully boot the HP VSC.</p>

<p>a. Navigate to the Boot Options File context:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>bof&lt;Enter&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>The prompt will indicate a change to the bof context</p>

<p>b. Enter the Management IP address:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>address &lt;ip-prefix/ip-prefix-length&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b> 10.10.10.20/24</p>

<p>c. Enter the primary DNS IP address,</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>primary-dns &lt;IP_address&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b> primary-dns 10.10.10.25</p>

<p>d. Enter the name of the DNS domain,</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>dns-domain &lt;dns-name&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b> helion.cg</p>

<p>e. Enter the static routes for the management IP network</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>static-route &lt;ip-prefix/ip-prefix-length&gt; next-hop &lt;IP_address&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>10.20.20.0/24 next-hop 10.10.10.1
10.100.100.0/24 next-hop 10.10.10.1
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>f. Save the configuration to cf1. The bof.cfg file be saved to the cf1: <i>user</i> emulated disk.</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>save cf1
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>g. Exit the configuration.</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>exit
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Configure NTP using the console:</p>

<p>a. Enter the following commands to enter the NTP server configuration:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>configure
name "VSC"
time
ntp
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>b. Enter the IP addresses for NTP servers:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>server &lt;IP_address&gt;
no shutdown

Example: 
server 10.10.10.25
server 10.1.64.20
no shutdown
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>f. Exit the NTP server configuration:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>exit
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>g. Shutdown the SNTP service:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>sntp
shutdown
exit
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>j. Specify the time zone:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>zone &lt;zone_abbreviation&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example</b>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>zone UTC
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>k. Complete the NTP configuration:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>exit
exit
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Configure Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP). HP VSC communicates with the HP VSD policy engine using Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP).</p>

<p>a. Enter the following commands to enter the xmpp server configuration:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>configure
vswitch-controller
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>b. Specify the xmpp server (xmpp.example.com) and username (NSC-vPE-1) and password:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>xmpp-server "NSC-vPE1:password@xmpp.example.com"
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>xmpp-server "vsc:password@vsd.helion.cg"
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>c. Complete the XMPP configuration:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>exit
exit
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Save the configurations:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>admin save
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Check that the XMPP server is properly configured:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>admin display-config

--------------------------------------------------
echo "Virtual Switch Controller Configuration"
--------------------------------------------------
vswitch-controller
    xmpp-server "vsc:password@vsd.helion.cg"
    open-flow
    exit
    xmpp
exit
exit
--------------------------------------------------
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Save the configuration to cf1. The bof.cfg file be saved to the cf1: <i>user</i> emulated disk.</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>save cf1
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Verify that IP addresses and routes have been added to the configuration file:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>config
show system information
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>Check the command output for the appropriate IP addresses, such as Management and DNS addresses and static routes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Verify that you can ping the CLM network on the HLM node:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>ping router "management" &lt;IP_address&gt;
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>
<b>Example:</b>
</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>ping router "management" 10.20.20.2
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Log in to the HP Networks Virtualized Services Directory Architect (VSD Architect) UI in a  browser from Guest VM as the CSP administrator.</p>

<p>The default CSP administrator login:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>User Name: csproot
Password: csproot
Organization: csp 
</codeph>
</codeblock>

<p>After login, the Organization Dashboard is displayed.</p>

<p>The VSD and VSC VMs should have a green bar.</p>
</li>
</ol>
</section>
<section>
<title id="useful-commands-for-vsc">
<!-- id="useful-commands-for-vsc" -->Useful commands for VSC</title>
<p>You might find the following commands helpful when working with VSC.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Set specific values for parameters below</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>configure system time ntp server 10.1.64.20
configure system name "VSC"
configure system sntp server-address
configure system time zone UTC
configure vswitch-controller xmpp-server "vsc:password@test.nuage.cdl.local"
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Verify these setting</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>show system ntp
show system information - to displays System Name
show system sntp - to display sntp server ip address
show system time
show switch-controller xmpp-server - to display the name of XMPP server, FQDN and username, number of XMPP servers
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Check the settings:</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>admin display-config
show system ntp detail
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
<li>
<p>Command to reboot vsc</p>

<codeblock>
<codeph>admin reboot
</codeph>
</codeblock>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section>
<title id="next-step">
<!-- id="next-step" -->Next Step</title>
<p>
  <xref href="./commercial/GA1/CarrierGrade/InstallVirtual/carrier-grade-install-hlm-node.dita" >Create the HLM Node</xref>
</p>
<p>
  <xref href="./publiccloud/index.dita#top" > Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
