<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic3182">
<title>HP Cloud OS Video Tutorials</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--PUBLISHED-->
 <!--./cloudos/prepare.videos.md-->
 <!--permalink: /cloudos/prepare/videos/--></p>
<p> <xref href="../cloudos/prepare.faqs.dita" >◀ PREV | </xref>
<xref href="../cloudos/prepare.dita/" >▲ UP</xref> | <xref href="./cloudos/prepare.overview.dita" >NEXT ▶</xref> </p>
<p>To help you learn about HP Cloud OS, we have provided a set of videos tutorials. Enjoy! These same videos are hosted on the HewlettPackardVideos channel of YouTube.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="#topic3182/hp-and-openstack">HP and OpenStack</xref>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="#topic3182/hp-cloud-os-tutorials">HP Cloud OS Tutorials</xref>
</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>
<xref href="#topic3182/hp-cloud-security">HP Cloud Security</xref>
</p>
</li>
</ul>
<section>
<title>HP and OpenStack</title>
<p>Here are a few videos that highlight the relationship between HP and OpenStack.</p>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Converged Cloud brings OpenStack to the Enterprise</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>HP Converged Cloud delivers choice, confidence, and consistency. Learn how HP Cloud OS, as part of the HP Converged Cloud portfolio, leverages OpenStack to enable workload portability, simplified installation, and enhanced service lifecycle management.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Cloud Coffee Talk - HP history with OpenStack</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>Eileen Evans, original OpenStack Foundation board member, and HP legal counsel and head of the HP Open Source Program Office, discusses the history of the foundation, current activities, and HP's significant involvement in the OpenStack community.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>OpenStack Technology</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>Monty Taylor, Distinguished Technologist and OpenStack Guru, talks about the OpenStack community, HP's contributions to Havana and OpenStack projects, and the future of OpenStack.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<title>HP Cloud OS Tutorials</title>
<p>The following video tutorials walk you through the HP Cloud OS features.</p>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Converged Cloud: HP Cloud OS Whiteboard Demo</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>Mark Perriera, HP Cloud 0S chief architect, introduces the platform, its services, and related OpenStack technology.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Converged Cloud Coffee Talk: HP Cloud OS</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>In this video with HP Product Manager JR Horton, we learn how HP Cloud OS leverages OpenStack to help Converged Cloud enable workload portability, simplified installation, and enhanced lifecycle management.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Cloud OS Whiteboard Demo - Building a Cloud</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>Mark Perriera outlines the steps to build a cloud with HP Cloud OS.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Converged Cloud Coffee Talk: HP Moonshot with HP Cloud OS</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>In this video with HP Product Manager Hari Kannan, we learn about the benefits of HP's Moonshot servers with HP Cloud OS, providing simplified provisioning and management for specific cloud workloads.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Cloud OS Whiteboard Demo - Infrastructure Templates</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>Mark Perriera shows how to create and use infrastructure templates for single or multi-tier applications with HP Cloud OS.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Cloud OS Whiteboard Demo - Hybrid Cloud</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>Mark Perriera, HP Cloud 0S chief architect, describes hybrid cloud provisioning using HP Cloud OS. Hybrid cloud means being able to consume services across different cloud instances and in many cases
cloud instances that might be delivered to different types of delivery platforms.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Cloud OS Whiteboard Demo - Software Defined Networking (SDN)</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>In this whiteboard demo, Mark Perriera illustrates SDN with Cloud OS.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<title>HP Cloud Security</title>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>HP Cloud Coffee Talk - HP Cloud Security</title>
<required-cleanup remap="iframe">
<ph> </ph>
</required-cleanup>
<p>HP has enhanced Cloud Security across the HP Cloud portfolio. Ben de Bont, CSO of HP Cloud, highlights some of the advanced security offerings and intriguing solutions available to HP Customers.</p>
<p>
  <xref href="#topic3182/top"> Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
</body>
</topic>
