<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic5588">
<title>HP Helion OpenStack® Using the Identity Service</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--PUBLISHED-->
 <!--./community/community.services-identity-using.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/community/services/identity/using/--></p>
<!--
<p style="font-size: small;"> <a href="../community/community.services-compute-overview.dita/">&#9664; PREV</a> | <a href="./community/community.services-overview.dita/">&#9650; UP</a> | <a href="./community/community.services-imaging-overview.dita"> NEXT &#9654</a> </p>
-->
<p>Based on OpenStack Keystone, the HP Helion OpenStack Identity service provides one-stop authentication.</p>
<p>The following lists of tasks can be performed by a user or administrator through the <xref href="../community/community.dashboard.how-works.dita" >HP Helion OpenStack Dashboard</xref>, the <xref href="http://api.openstack.org/api-ref-identity-v2.html" scope="external" format="html" >API</xref> or <xref href="http://docs.openstack.org/cli-reference/content/keystoneclient_commands.html" scope="external" format="html" >CLI</xref>.</p>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Using the dashboards</title>
<p>You can use the <xref href="../community/community.dashboard.how-works.dita" >HP Helion OpenStack Dashboard</xref> to work with the Identity service.</p>
<p>Note: Domain management is not available using the Helion OpenStack Dashboard. You can use the CLI for domain management instead.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Using the API</title>
<p>You can use a low-level, raw REST API to access  HP Identity. See the <xref href="http://api.openstack.org/api-ref-identity-v2.html" scope="external" format="html" >OpenStack Identity API v2.0 Reference</xref>.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Using the CLI</title>
<p>You can use the command-line interface software to access HP Identity. See the <xref href="http://docs.openstack.org/cli-reference/content/keystoneclient_commands.html" scope="external" format="html" >OpenStack Command Line Interface Reference</xref>.</p>
<p>For more information on installing the CLI, see <xref href="http://docs.openstack.org/user-guide/content/install_clients.html" scope="external" format="html" >Install the OpenStack command-line clients</xref>.</p>
<p>Depending upon your user type, <xref href="#topic5588/user">user</xref> or <xref href="#topic5588/admin">administrator</xref>, you can perform the following tasks.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<title>Tasks performed by users</title>
<p>The following Identity service tasks are usually performed by someone with the <i>user</i> role.</p>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with domains</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to configure user access to your cloud domains.</p>
<ul>
<li>View information on all your domains, including names, enabled status, ID, and policy links.</li>
<li>View information on a specified domain, including the description, enabled status, ID, and policy links.</li>
<li>Delete a domain.</li>
<li>List the domain roles for a specified user.</li>
<li>List domain roles for a specified domain group.</li>
<li>Grant a specified role to a domain group.</li>
<li>Validate that a group has a specified role on a domain.</li>
<li>Revoke a role from a group on a domain.</li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Listing Projects</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to view a list of projects in your cloud environment.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with projects</title>
<p>All project-level tasks must be performed by an administrator.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<title>Tasks performed by an Administrator<!--Removed anchor point admin--></title>
<p>The following Identity service tasks are usually performed by someone with the <i>administrator</i> role.</p>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with domains</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to configure user access to your cloud domains.</p>
<ul>
<li>Add a domain to your cloud.</li>
<li>Update information for a specified domain, including the description, enabled status, ID, and policy links. </li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with projects</title>
<ul>
<li>Add a project to a domain.</li>
<li>View information on all your projects, including names, enabled status, and ID.</li>
<li>View information on a specified project, including the name, enabled status, and ID.</li>
<li>Update a specified project, including the description, enabled status, ID, and policy links. </li>
<li>Delete a project.</li>
<li>List the project roles for a specified user or group.</li>
<li>Grant a specified role to a project user or group.</li>
<li>Validate that a project user or group has a specified role.</li>
<li>Revoke a role from a project user or group.</li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with users</title>
<ul>
<li>Add a user to a project.</li>
<li>View information on all your users, including names and enabled status.</li>
<li>View information on a specified user, including the name and enabled status.</li>
<li>Update a specified user, including the description, enabled status, ID, and policy links. </li>
<li>Delete a user.</li>
<li>List the project, group, and roles associated with a specified user.</li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with groups</title>
<ul>
<li>Add a group to a domain.</li>
<li>View information on the groups associated with a domain, including names, descriptions, and policy links.</li>
<li>View information on a specific group, including the name, description, and policy links.</li>
<li>Update a specified group, including the description, enabled status, ID, and policy links. </li>
<li>Delete a group.</li>
<li>List the users in a group, including the name, description, and enabled status.</li>
<li>Add and remove users from a group.</li>
<li>Validate that a user is in a specific group.</li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with credentials</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to create and manage EC2-compatible credentials for user per tenant.</p>
<ul>
<li>Add a credential to a domain.</li>
<li>View information on the credentials associated with a domain, including IDs, policy links, associated projects, type, and associated users.</li>
<li>View information on a specific credential.</li>
<li>Update a specified credential, including the description, enabled status, ID, and policy links. </li>
<li>Delete a credential.</li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Working with roles</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to configure user roles within your cloud environment.</p>
<ul>
<li>Add a role to a domain.</li>
<li>View information on the roles associated with a domain, including names, IDs, and policy links.</li>
<li>Assign a role to a domain user.</li>
<li>Validate that a user has a specific role.</li>
<li>Revoke a role from a user.</li>
<li>List role assignments for a group or user.</li>
</ul>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Manage Policies</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to configure policies.</p>
<ul>
<li>Add a role to a project.</li>
<li>View information on the policies associated with a domain, including names, IDs, and the user that owns the policy.</li>
<li>Update a specified policy, including names, IDs, and the user that owns the policy. </li>
<li>Delete a policy.</li>
</ul>
<p>
  <b>REVIEWERS: ARE ADMINS ABLE TO PERFORM THESE TASKS? THEY CAME FROM AN EARLIER DRAFT OF THE IDENTITY DOCS.</b>
</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Manage Endpoints</title>
<p>Create and delete endpoints associated with a service.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Manage Endpoint Filtering</title>
<p>Find endpoint filtered by a specific attribute or service type.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Issue Token</title>
<p>Issue a new UUID or PKI token for a user.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Signature Validation</title>
<p>Manage EC2 and S3 signature validation.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Manage Federated Access</title>
<p>Configure federated access for use in HP Helion OpenStack.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<required-cleanup>
<title>Resetting a user password</title>
<p>Use the Identity service to reset a password for a user.</p>
</required-cleanup>
</section>
<section>
<title>For more information</title>
<p>For information on how to operate your cloud we suggest you read the <xref href="http://docs.openstack.org/ops/" scope="external" format="html" >OpenStack Operations Guide</xref>. <!-- The *Architecture* section contains useful information about how an OpenStack Cloud is put together. However, the HP Helion OpenStack takes care of these details for you. The *Operations* section contains information on how to manage the system.--></p>
<p>
  <xref href="#topic5588/top"> Return to Top ↑ </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
